We discovered one or more bugs in your app when reviewed on iPad and iPhone running iOS 11.0.1 on Wi-Fi connected to an IPv6 network.

1. Launch the application.
2. Navigate to Purchase/Recharge tab.
3. Proceed to purchase one of the IAP products.
4. IAP confirmation window appears.
5. Confirm Purchase.
6. IAP results in an error.

Please see attached screenshots for details.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please run your app on a device to identify any issues, then revise and resubmit your app for review.

If we misunderstood the intended behavior of your app, please reply to this message in Resolution Center to provide information on how these features were intended to work.

For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of your app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce the issue. For updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce the issue.

Resources

For information about testing your app and preparing it for review, please see Technical Note TN2431: App Testing Guide.

For a networking overview, please review About Networking. For a more specific overview of App Review’s IPv6 requirements, please review the IPv6 and App Review discussion on the Apple Developer Forum.

Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase


We noticed that your app is using consumable in-app purchase products as intermediary currency for the exchange of items that function as non-renewing subscriptions.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please delete your consumable in-app purchase products, then create separate non-renewing subscription in-app purchase products for each item that the user would have exchanged those consumable products for. This product type matches the usage model for the products you are ultimately selling to your users.

Note: The product type cannot be changed once an in-app purchase product has been created. Therefore, you will need to create a new in-app purchase product with the correct product type.

To create new in-app purchases:

- Log in to iTunes Connect
- Click on "My Apps"
- Select your app
- Click on "Features" to create new in-app purchases
- Click Save
- Once you've completed all changes, click the "Submit for Review" button at the top of the App Version Information page.

Resources

More information on in-app purchase product types is available in the In-App Purchase Programming Guide.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue. Our representative will be able to discuss the issue in English or Chinese.

To request a call and ensure we have accurate contact information, reply directly to this message with a contact name and direct phone number to reach you.

申请应用审核团队致电联系

如果您有需要，我们将根据您的要求在三到五个工作日内安排一位精通中文的苹果公司代表致电与您联系，讨论您的应用审核结果。
为了确保我们有正确的联系资料，请回复这封邮件并提供您的姓名与电话号码。

申請應用審核團隊致電聯繫

如果您有需要，我們將根據您的要求在三到五個工作日內安排一位精通中文的蘋果公司代表致電與您聯繫，討論您的應用審核結果。
為了確保我們有正確的聯繫資料，請回覆這封郵件並提供您的姓名與電話號碼。